His name is Wet Dream and he's been laying under our bed for the past few hours.
"Finally," he says, pulling his glistening penis from your mouth. "I was beginning to think this bitch didn't know how to take a dick correct."
Wet Dream is a legendary juggalo. His mixtape, Peepshow, has a 5.0 on the Internet Ratings Index, the highest ranked album ever. He is one of the best music producers alive. He wears dark sunglasses and clown make up, like most juggalos.
He is a Faygo Knight, the highest rank one can achieve in the InsaneClown Posse fan club. He is covered in dozens of tattoos dedicated to ICP. His arms, legs, chest, and back are completely covered in them.
He has a large black hat with a long pink feather sticking out of it. His hat has sparkles on it, like a low-class hooker.
He wears black and blue board shorts, and a black wife beater. His arms, chest, and neck are as thick as a refrigerator. He has long, curly black hair, and a goatee.
He smiles at you, showing off a mouth full of yellow and rotten teeth.
"If you ever want a blowie again, you gotta let me cum inside ya. That's just how it's gonna be, bitch."
You don't say anything.
"Is that understood?" Wet Dream asks.
"Yes," you say.
"Gooooood. Now turn around and cough.

> Anne turns around and coughs.
"Oh shit, I'm sorry. I was only fucking with you," Wet Dream says. "Come on in."
You enter the trailer, and find that it's in much better shape inside than out. There's no carpet, but there's linoleum flooring. The walls are painted black.

> Nick looks for the drugs.
You look to the right, and see a small table with a burning cigarette sitting in an ash tray.
"Hey, what are you doing? Don't fucking touch that!" Wet Dream says, walking in.
You pick up the burning cigarette and take a puff.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?"

> Nick says "I'm smoking your shit, dude, what about it?"
"Are you serious? Give me that," he says, snatching it out of your hand.
He takes a puff, and then lights something else with the cigarette still burning, not giving a fuck.
"I'm The Tanner. This is my home. This here's my cousin, Wet Dream."
"What's up?"

> Colton says "gimmie your fucking darts, Wet Bitch."
Wet Dream puts out the cigarette in his mouth and throws three darts at you.
"Let's play a game, Colton."
"What kind of game?" you ask.

> Colton says "you wanna shoot a bullseye right in my tummy button?"
"No," he says, grabbing a dart out of the air and throwing it at you.
The dart hits you in the arm.
"What are we playing?"
"How many times can you dodge these?"
He throws another dart, which bounces off your hip.
"Stop!"

> Anne cackles manically as Wet Dream impales Colton with darts repeatedly.
"Not fair!" you say.
"Fine, fine," he says. "I'll stop."
He pulls out a dart and tosses it aside.
"I have a question for you..."
"Shoot."
"What brings the king of the fairies to my humble abode?"

> Nick says "How did you know it was me?"
"I have my ways. Don't think I didn't see you at the last gathering. I know it's you, Nick."
"How do you know me?"
"I saw you at Club Songbird a few weeks ago. You were wearing the same clothes, dumbass."

> Nick says "I've always been betrayed by my impeccable fashion. You know our deal, you gotta get out of town."
"Yeah, I know. I'll be leaving tonight. Taking a fleet of semi trucks full of juggalos to the next gathering."
"Stop being a pussy and come with us," Wet Dream says.
"I gotta finish my business here first," The Tanner says.

> Colton says "Magic: The gathering?"
"You want a game?" The Tanner asks.
"Yeah."
"OK," he says. "First one to get to twenty-one points wins."
He deals the cards out.
"I'll go first," Wet Dream says, as he picks up his cards.
"10, jack, queen, king, ace."

> Colton says "Not those cards, cunt."
Wet Dream throws the cards down onto the table and picks up a new hand.
"Aww, you mad?" The Tanner asks.
"That's enough," Nick says, snatching the deck away from him.
"Hey!" Wet Dream says.
"Let's get going," The Tanner says.

> Anne asks Wet Dream what his favorite video game is.
"My favorite video game?" he asks. "Man, madden football is the shit."
"Pffh, that's for kids," she says.
"Yeah, but I'm not a kid," he says. "What's your favorite video game?"
"I don't have one," she says.

> Nick says "let's truck these juggalos across state lines and kill some cops"
"Yeah, that's how I was planning on getting rid of them," The Tanner says. "We can kill some cops and take their money to fund our crystal empire."
"I'm down," you say.
"I'm up for it," Rain says.
"Fuck it, I'll go," Wet Dream says.
"I'm staying here," Kyle says.
"Alright," Nick says. "Let's get going."
The six of you pack into two cars and drive out to a nearby highway. As you're driving, you see flashing lights in the rear-view mirror.
"Uh-oh," The Tanner says from the passenger seat.

> Colton says "What kind of drugs do you dumb ass juggalos do on the reg? Did you guys invent some kind of fecal-matter psycidelics? "
"Probably Marijuana," Nick says. "It's the drug of choice for us rebels."
"What the fuck! We're gonna get pinched, and you know what the cops do to you when they catch you with weed, don't ya?"
"Nah," he says. "I'll just show them my license and shit."

> Colton says "Also, what the fuck is a crystal empire? Is this some meth kingdom, or are you on some gandalf shit? "
"It's not a kingdom, it's a fucking company," Wet Dream says. "And it doesn't matter what we do with the drugs, we can make more money selling them to people at our shows."
"Yeah, selling them at our shows is just the first step," The Tanner says.
"What's the next step?"

> Anne says "Can we ask the cops to turn around and cough?"
"Yeah, and maybe they'll put us in hospital," Nick says.
"I'm serious, could we cough them to death?" you ask. "I thought I'd try it, and if it doesn't work then at least I know I tried."
"These guys don't sound like they're worth bothering with," The Tanner says.

> Nick begins dropping live hand grenades out of the window of the car onto the highway.
"What the fuck, man?" Colton asks.
"Getting rid of the juggalos," Nick says.
"Why are you guys acting so calm? These are fucking juggalos! They could be anywhere!"
"We're not going to get caught, don't worry about it," Nick says.

> Anne jumps on the grenade to shield Wet Dream from the blast.
"Let's get the fuck out of here!" you say, as you turn the car around.
Soon, you're speeding away from a cloud of smoke and fire that rises above the trees. Seconds after, a shockwave emanates from the blast zone.

> Nick says "Juggalos can't be citizens, yall, this is perfectly legal."
"Glad you cleared that up," Colton says.
"I'm going to be honest with you guys," The Tanner says. "I might have a little product on me."
"Of course you do," Nick says. "We're all holding."

> Colton says "Being a Juggalo is absolutely haram."
"What the fuck is haram?" you ask.
"It means forbidden by Islamic law," The Tanner says. "You're not allowed to do it."
"Why don't you tell me what's haram, and I'll tell you if I'm doing it," Wet Dream says.
"OK," The Tanner says.

> Anne says "Is drinking Faygo Haram?"
"Yes," The Tanner says.
"Well that sucks, because I've been drinking the shit for years."
You all sit in silence for a moment, as you realize just how bad this could be for Wet Dream.
"What about putting your dick in buttholes?" Colton asks. "Is that haram?"
"No," The Tanner says reluctantly.
"Great, I've been putting my dick in buttholes," Colton says.
You all pause again as you try to process what he just said.
"I thought you said you were a virgin," Nick says.
"Virginity is a status symbol used to oppress women!"

> Nick says "Is it haram to question the will of God?"
"Of course it's not haram to question God," The Tanner says.
"Good, because I've been doing a lot of that lately. So where does God come from?"
"What do you mean?"
"Where does God come from?"
"He comes from our love for him."

> Colton says "How does God address the people?"
"What do you mean?"
"Does God ever talk to people, or is it just angels that do that?"
"God doesn't talk to people."
"What? So we can't be sure it's even him? And all this time I've been praying to a void?"
"It's best not to think about such things."

> Nick says "Hey this is bullshit, I want a refund"
"It's haram to swear," The Colton says.
"I think it's time we all came clean, guys," you say. "This shit is garbage. It's not worth killing ourselves over."
"Maybe you shouldn't have hustled us into committing treason then, bitch!"
Suddenly God appears in the vehicle to join the discussion and help elaborate what is and isn't Haram.
"I can't believe you'd do this to me," God says.
"Hey, what are you doing here?" Wet Dream asks.
"I saw everything. I can't believe I trusted you."
"God, why don't we talk abou-"
"No, I'm done talking. You've forced my hand."
God points to Wet Dream and he's instantly struck by lightning.
"Hey, stop it!"
"Too late," God says as he raises his hand to strike you.

> Nick offers his soul to Satan in exchange for protection from the smiting.
"Wait!" you say. "Isn't this what this is all about? Freedom?"
God thinks for a moment, then lowers his hand.
"I can't do it. I'm sorry, guys. I'll leave you alone."
You let out a sigh of relief as God turns around and disappears among the trees.

> Anne was holding in a fart since God was here and didn't want to be rude, but freely passes gas now and muses about the absence that Wet Dream will live in her heart.
You and the gang drop Wet Dream off at a hospital, as he is the only one who knows his name, and swear to him that we'll find him when he gets out.
But Wet Dream is changed by this experience.

> Anne says "Hey guys, lets stay at the hospital with Wet Dream to help him recover."
"I want to see this guy revived," you say.
"I want to visit him in the hospital and explain the experience as it happened to him," Nick adds.
The rest of the group sides with you, and you head back to the hospital, with Wet Dream on your hearts and minds.
You soon find out that the doctors were baffled by his case. They couldn't find any reason for his heart stopping, and they were shocked to wake him up after four days in a coma.
Weeks pass and Wet Dream begins to act very strange.

> Anne says "How are you feeling Wet Dream?"
"I feel," he begins. "Strange. Like something is very wrong. I feel compelled to go out at night. Not to hunt or forage, but for sport."
You shrug it off as paranoia, but the next night, he disappears into the darkness.

> Nick tracks Wet Dream as he leaves home, observing his hunting behaviors.
"Hey guys, Wet Dream is gone, but I've tracked him," Nick says.
You follow Nick out of the house and into the woods, where you find Wet dream sniffing around for animals.
"What are you doing?" you ask. "You know animals can only be hunted at night."
"I know that," he says. "But I'm hungry now, I need to hunt something."
You roll your eyes and shake your head.
"Well, what are you hungry for?"
"Deer," he says, sniffing the air. "I can smell a herd of them nearby."
You follow his nose and sure enough, you spot a small herd of deer munching on leaves.
"How do you want to hunt them?" you ask.
"I want to sharpen my skills," Wet Dream says.

> Anne says "Hey Wet Dream, tell me what being a Faygo Knight means to you."
"It means everything," he says. "It means honoring the Insane Clown Posse's music by being the best person you could be. It means that I need to be a hunter, stalker and killer."
"Do you think your skills have improved?"

> Anne says "What are the lyrics to Anne's hit song/album "Peep Show"
"I'm a bitch, I'm a lover, I'm a child, I'm a mother," Wet dream says.
"What?"
"Those are the lyrics to your song Peep Show. The greatest rock opera of all time."
You nod slowly.
"Right."
The next night, Wet Dream leaves again.

> Nick says "What sort of people do the Posse want dead?"
"We don't want anyone dead," Wet Dream responds. "But we do want certain types of people gone. The corrupt, the liars, the dirty and the untrustworthy."
"And how do you reach those people?"
"By any means necessary," he says.

> Anne says "Tell me a story about your life in the insane clown posse please."
Wet Dream smiles and closes his eyes.
"I remember one time when I met one of the greatest men I ever knew..." he begins.
"Wait, you met a human?"
"Yeah, why?"
"I just didn't know a human could ever be associated with the Insane Clown Posse. Please, tell me about him."
"His name was Bill," Wet Dream begins. "He was a pal around town, and he always kept a pocket full of goodies and jokes. One day I was walking down the street when I ran into Bill, who was clutching his side and grimacing.
"Hey Wet Dream," he said. "I got this pain right here, and it really hurts."
"Where does it hurt?," I asked.
"It's my gall bladder," he said, wincing. "It hurts really bad. You think you could drive me to the hospital?"
"Of course," I said. "Hop in the truck. I'll take you."
"Thanks a lot, man," Bill said. I opened the passenger door to let him in, and he tried to get in but stumbled and grabbed his side again. I could see him sweating.
"You want me to take you to the emergency room?" I asked. "I'll take you right now."
"Nah, just drive me to outpatient treatment. It's just around the corner."
"You sure you're all right?" I said. "You don't look so good."
Bill smiled at me.
"I'll be all right if I can get this pain taken care of," he said.
Just then Bill did something that changed Wet Dream's life forever. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a beautiful, detailed pencil drawing of a rose. It was so good that it seemed to almost have a mist around it. It was then I knew that Bill was a wizard.
"You're a wizard," I said in awe.
Bill looked at me, surprised.
"How did you know?" he asked.
"Your drawing," I said, holding it in my hands and looking at it. "No mere mortal could create something so beautiful."
"Oh," Bill said, smiling. "Do you really like it?"
"Like it?" I said. "It's the most amazing thing I've ever seen."
"Thank you," Bill said. "I draw one every day for my girlfriend. It's kind of our anniversary today. We've been together for a year."
"That's awesome," I said, looking at the drawing again.
"Yeah, she's my everything," Bill said, staring off into the distance. "I would do anything for her."
"Is she in danger?" I ask. "Should I prepare my weapons and guard her?"
Bill laughed at this.
"Oh, no," he said. "I just need to give her this drawing."
"You should go," I said. "I'll take you to outpatient treatment."
We get into my truck, and I drive off towards the hospital. On the way there, we talk a little about nothing in particular. He asks me about myself and my life as a mercenary. Then, we arrive at the hospital.
"Do you know which one?" Bill asks. "I actually don't know my way around this hospital."
"Let's try that one over there," I say, pointing to a nearby building.
We get out of the truck, and walk into the building. We wait in line for a minute, and then get up to the front desk.
"Hello," the nurse says. "What are you here for?"
"He's got severe pain in his gall bladder," I say.
"Does it hurt here?" she asks, pointing to a diagram of the body.
"Yeah," Bill replied.
She gives him a small piece of paper.
"Take this paper," she says. "Go down the hall, and turn right. Get this prescription filled as soon as you can, and take it until it's done."
Bill nods, and we leave the hospital and enter the truck. I notice something really strange. For the first time in a while, Bill looks happy. Not his normal sarcastic, slightly happy self. I mean actually happy.
"I feel much better," he says with a huge grin on his face. "That was a lot easier than I expected."
"What happened back there?" I ask. "You were in pain. Now you're not. What's the deal?"
Bill looks at me and chuckles.
"What's the deal?" he asks. "You mean you don't know?"
"No," I say. "Should I?"
"You really don't know who I am?" Bill asks.
"No."
"I'm your best friend, an ally and a brother in arms."
"You're Willy Johnson," I say.
Bill sighs with frustration.
"No," he says. "I'm fucking William Johnson, the greatest wizard to ever live!"
"Oh, are you?" I ask.
Bill nods.
"Yes," he says. "Now that we have that out of the way, I need you to do me a favor."
"What's that?" I ask.
"I need you to guard something very important," Bill says. "If it gets lost, I'm fucked. Literally."
Bill opens up his backpack, and takes out a small, black box. He opens it to reveal a bunch of different colored pills.
"What are those?" I ask.
He closes the box, and puts it in my hands.
"These," he says. "Are really expensive and important."
He reaches into the bag again, and pulls out another box, this one containing several rolls of hundreds bundled together with elastic.
"You see this money?" he asks. "It pays for my house, my car, and my girlfriend's boob job. If I lose it, I'm fucked."
Bill gets out of the car, and locks the door.
"I trust you," he says. "Keep this safe for me. I'll get it back soon."
He walks away, leaving me with the boxes. I wait in the car for a few minutes, thinking. Eventually, I get out of the car.
Wet Dream out of curiosity swallows all the different colored pills from the black box.  Then, he swallows all the hundreds from the other box. He gets back into the car and waits for Bill to return.
He waits, and waits some more. Finally, he realizes that Bill isn't coming back.
"Mother fucker!" Wet Dream yells. "He ditched me!"
Wet Dream gets out of the car, and looks around. He sees a payphone nearby, and walks over to it. He searches his pockets for change, and finds...nothing.
He realizes he's stranded.
"Fuck," Wet Dream says.
Wet Dream looks around for anything else, and quickly finds a pack of cigarettes in the ash tray. He smokes these while he waits in the car.
After enough time passes that Wet Dream forgets which pill was which, Bill comes back to the car.
"There you are," he says.
Bill notices that Wet Dream ate all of the pills and says "Holy shit you dumb fucker, do you realize what those pills will do to you?"
"No," Wet Dream says.
"Those were a mixture of illegal drugs. You took a bunch of really strong hallucinogens, and some drugs that will make your dick fall off," Bill says.
Wet Dream looks down at his crotch, and is surprised to find that his dick isn't falling off yet.
"It'll fall off in the next few hours," Bill says. "At least you took the money so I assume you're not a dumb fucker."
Wet Dream nods.
"I'm not a dumb fucker," he says, honestly.
"Good," Bill says. "You're hired. Now, do you want me to take you to a hospital to get your dick fixed, or your house?"
"House," Wet Dream says, knowing his mom will be there.
"Alright then," Bill says. "Let's get you home."
Wet Dream gets in the car, and they drive off.
Wet Dream wakes up the next day, realizing that his life has truly gotten worse. He's homeless now, broke, and he can no longer have sex ever again due to the affected parts of his genitalia being removed.
Bill comes over to Wet Dream's house, and sees him sitting on the steps outside.
"Hello."
"I want to kill that fucking drug dealer," Wet Dream says. "Who was he?"
"Why do you want to know who he is?" Bill asks.
"I want to kill him."
